feat(RedisInstance): handle authSecret extraData (#935)
kyma-project/cloud-manager: docs/user/resources/04-40-30-azure-redis-instance.md

| **authSecret**                                    | object | Optional. Auth Secret options.                                                                                                                                                                              |
| **authSecret.name**                               | string | Optional. Auth Secret name.                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| **authSecret.labels**                             | object | Optional. Auth Secret labels. Keys and values must be a string.                                                                                                                                             |
| **authSecret.annotations**                        | object | Optional. Auth Secret annotations. Keys and values must be a string.                                                                                                                                        |

> | **authSecret.extraData**                          | object | Optional. Additional Secret Data entires. Keys and values must be a string. Allows user to define additional data fields that will be present in the secret. The well-known data fields can be used as templates. The templating follows the [Golang templating syntax.](https://pkg.go.dev/text/template) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **authSecret.extraData**                          | object | Optional. Additional Secret Data entries. Keys and values must be a string. Allows users to define additional data fields that will be present in the Secret. The well-known data fields can be used as templates. The templating follows the [Golang templating syntax](https://pkg.go.dev/text/template). |
```
